1. a. asynchronous nature might be a pain point since it'll be harder to track all the difference asynchronous threads running when a system is too big
   b. Loose typing might be a pain point since it may be more prone to bug issues when programmers aren't able to restrict the data type that the variables can be declared as
   c. Web platform might be a pain point since difference browsers have different development systems that may be able to run different JavaScript versions more so than others, causing the need for developers to write different code depending on the JavaScript versions the browsers can use to make sure users can load the sites with different platforms.
2. Loosely typed could provide more flexibility for developers to use variables without needing to manually convert them all the time just because the variable can't accept a certain data type. Asynchronous features help websites load more efficiently so that there won't be a long queue that can only run after a function that requires a long time to run finishes and that other processes that can run immediately can do so first.
3. Compiled languages are compiled when they are run and checked for compiling errors by the target machine while interpretreted languages are not directly executed by the target machine. JavaScript is an interpreted language since there is no compiler like Java that checks for syntax issues or anything in the program before running, so all debugging occurs at run-time.
4. Vanilla JavaScript allows us to thoroughly understand the use of JavaScript fundamentals before using other frameworks that may lead us to rely on certain functions without fully understanding what we are doing. Understanding the fundamentals also allow us to see how certain frameworks may be better than others and paint a more holistic perspective in scope of all the different tools out there.
5. This lab allows us to understand how we might approach different JavaScript functions and syntax, debug our project, and approach our project by diagramming the user flow clearly.